Remove analytics tracking for non-vip sites (#42)
Automattic/vip-block-data-api: README.md

## Analytics

> **Please note that, this is for VIP sites only. Analytics is disabled if this plugin is not being run on VIP sites.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Please note that this applies to VIP sites only. Analytics are disabled if this plugin is not being run on VIP sites.**
```
